The stakes for poker games have grown so much in the last few decades that the biggest games can only be played responsibly by billionaires. Poker is a very technical game and the best poker pros are orders of magnitude better than these players but must be careful to avoid gambler’s ruin. Knowing what proportion of your bankroll to risk such that your risk of ruin is always zero is determined by the Kelly Criterion. This involves aggressively moving up or down in stakes to maximize your expectation. It also involves being able to estimate your winrate. To allow more granular control over these aggressive bankroll moves, selling action to investors is a very helpful tool. This application will allow players to focus less on networking and request to play tournaments from investors that have been given access to the DApp.

My project will be a DApp that will allow record keeping for a decentralized poker staking network. Players in the database are able to request to play a tournament for say $10,000 and say how much of that they want to sell with an optional markup (fee) on top. The markup is used by better players because if you have a very high ROI this is a very profitable investment in the long run. I used Solidity (Remix) and Python (Jupyter Notebook) with Web3.py to build this DApp. I will present the demo using explanatory text in a Jupyter Notebook that demonstrates a few sample runs on the program.

Right now the DApp only allows players to request to play tournaments (and not cash games). This is useful because the results are published in multiple reputable locations on the internet. A last mile issue is needing some sort of Oracle to update the results so that the correct results for tournaments are issued to the DApp. For now the owner of the contract is the Oracle and this is clearly a central point of failure. All of the numbers I used were uint256 which will take more gas for some numbers that don't need to be that big. If this app ends up being widely used it will be very inefficient to not have appropriate sized ints for numbers that won’t get too big. Another scaling issue is currently when the player is distributing funds if one of the blocks fail then the entire function will revert and nobody will get paid. This means players couldn’t currently try and get Bernie Sanders/Donald Trump style crowdfunding because there could be issues if the application were trying to pay out profit to thousands of addresses.
The owner of the contract is the Oracle for results right now so one possible thing players could do is say that they played a tournament and collect the investments, but not actually play the tournament. They would pocket the money and report the tournament as a loss. In the future when there is an Oracle it would be able to verify that players played as well as verifying the profit results. This would prevent errors from the owner leading to incorrect payouts. I had to scale my project back a bit so there aren’t some very strong decentralization properties. That being said the best decentralization property is the ability to find investors without having to go searching. This would create two-sided marketplaces (for ex. Uber or Airbnb) where investors are able to find players who want to sell some action. In some ways this project is a primitive cousin of the Automated Market Maker revolution that is happening in the Decentralized Finance space. Also, all of the record keeping and transfer of funds would be done securely. Sometimes shady investors won’t pay for a loss after the fact, or greedy players will not pay out winnings.

Tracking funds and results in a distributed Poker Staking Network

The purpose of this application is to provide infrastructure for a distributed Poker Staking Network.
